---
title: advert
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /advert/
source-id: 1NxSYFmf1XVw7DDZAIXl_ThGqfCTip1XvPhWga15D_SU
published: true
---
Media Navigator Lesson 1 Homework

Name of advert: Haribo starmix advert 2014      

Assignment: Select a media example. This could be a commercial, billboard, radio ad, or magazine ad. 

Answer the questions below:

Name of media example you deconstructed:  

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Who is the target audience in this media example? (Be specific)</td>
    <td>What is the subtext (hidden or underlying message) in this media example?</td>
    <td>What are the untold stories
(what information is left out of
the message)?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My media example is an advert for a sweet. One would assume the product is aimed towards children, however, the advert shows that it is aimed towards all ages, by showing adults eating the Haribos. It is also for both genders.</td>
    <td>The advert shows a group of adults, sitting around a table eating Haribos. The hidden message is that you are never too old to enjoy Haribos and sweets. 

The adults have childish voices that can make the advert amusing and can suggest that this sweet brings memories of their childhood and could imply that the sweets have been around for a long time. This makes it more appealing to adults because it is something they are familiar with.</td>
    <td>There is no information about the actual product itself, so the audience does not get a full idea of what the product is. 
Obviously an advert won't show the negatives of the product they are trying to promote, but this advert doesn’t show any positives other than the appearance.

As an audience, we would want to know what we are eating.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


