---
title: Blog 13
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-13/
source-id: 1sd_-3PWMT1qK478nh2UhXci5DkxrtPg1iDTY8d0B7cY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 13</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>7/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Codecademy Section 4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Finish parts of section 5</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we were continuing with codecademy and i finished section 4.We were moving on to section 5 where we learned about lists and dictionaries .This is where you stored different pieces of information.For example there was one list in which we had to add different animal names to the list called zoo animals.This list was then transferred into a proper list.Overall i thought it was quite straightforward and although there were some i was not sure about i managed to figure it out. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I quickly finished the dictionaries and lists section and advanced to the day at the supermarket section.This was part 2 of the section 5 and it was putting our list skills into place as we had to plan a shopping trip.This included thing like what you were going to buy and how much ito would cost for one.At times you would have to times some stuff by others.For example if a banana cost 1 pound and you wanted 3 of those you would do 1 * 3.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The shopping section while it sounded easy was quite long and at times confusing .I Only managed to get to 40 percentage of the whole thing in the lesson give the amount of time left.At the end for about ten to fifteen minutes the teacher talked to us about something and i didn't have time to go further.However i plan to go to at least 80 percent or even finish it for homework.I believe that there are 13 sections to the python coding course and so i am just under halfway.Hopefully i will be over halfway next lesson!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


