---
title: Blog 1
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-1/
source-id: 1_UTrnS_PhgEHm8BdoC0TuW2CTEoAQQparcwQ7HHQBXc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 1</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>First lesson of fuze</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>finish 1.1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes after overcoming some difficulties </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we were working on our fuze box.We were learning basic code and how to make an page that said hello world.In my opinion the code was much more easier than i expected it to be as it was word that were very simple to understand and i knew what was going on.For example it would say repeat or page and i would get  what i was saying.We managed to get to the end of unit 1.1 and Next week i hope to make a consistent amount of progress.I was happy about my progress this lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Me and my partner Luke Harrison took turns in coding and reading.The booklet was very helpful as it was very easy to understand.When switching it helped me as I could then be comfortable when coding as I knew what to do.we overcame a barrier and we had to crack on with our work.A learning point from today was to be patient when I code as I always thought that something had gone wrong.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week i will remember to save my work alot more frequently as i had problems with my fuze box and eventually we had to start again.However,we did manage to get back to where we were in the course.But i know that when we go deeper into the course we cannot do that.Also next time i think that i could be more efficient with my time.We made little mistakes however this was the first lesson.If we really push on with our work we could do 2 units.I am very excited to be doing fuze box and look forward to continuing with it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


