---
title: Blog 15
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-15/
source-id: 1XJ8p6RQGMxIf0-HVvzVvLWqyDj_VrRuCvDVCmGRoUmo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 15</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/06/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>After coming back from my illness we were diving into codecademy again.However before we had the chance to start our teacher was talking to us about how easily kids in our school gave up on certain things.This all started because of another student who didn't know how to turn on the computer.The teacher said try everything and eventually he managed to make it work.This sparked the lecture of us not trying to do anything.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>He talked to us about how in modern society people were programmed to do certain things a certain way.He talked to us about a social experiment that he created when he went to mcdonalds.He said he wanted 15 chicken nuggets.The cashier replied that they don't do that and only do 6 9 and 20.Obviously this meant that they should give you a box of 6 and a box of 9. He talked about other times that he asked for things and was given a blank face.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>After he finished talking he had to go and talk to some other people and we had a cover teacher for the rest of the lesson.We were learning about how you code your very own battleships game.We only started looking at it but it seemed like quite a lot of fun.Next lesson i hope to progress with that task. 
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


