---
title: Blog 7
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-7/
source-id: 1e5_r7Lab4HAAo8t_tDaN80w2-JOaEA5jfSGb6uAouTM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Near flashing lights</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Reach flashing lights</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson was a bit hectic.The teacher was not here so the teacher next door monitored us.We did not show our blogs and we got straight into the fuze box which was quite good as we hoped to make a lot of progress today.Our aim was to go onto flashing lights as that was where a lot of people were.We didn't look over and we didn't realise how quick it was.Nonetheless we got to work and finished a piece of coding needed to move onto the flashing lights.We finished and got on to the next chapter.Flashing lights.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We first got our electronic components kit and looked at what was inside it.There were a couple of needles and wires but apart from that i was unfamiliar with some of the parts.Luckily we had our book and that told us everything that we needed to know.After that we just followed the book and we caught the hang of it after a while.Eventually we managed to finish the flashing lights exercise in one lesson.I was very pleased and happy that we progressed quickly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the next lesson i hope to go further in my fuze journey.I didn't check what was next but i am assuming of the top of my head that we will be continuing with the electronic component kit which is something i am excited about.To the right you have a picture of our flashing lights.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


