---
title: Blog 5
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 1_p3mN7JR6GVkvC39UV3yppFnn3J2PA_TEP0sQguqrOc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>unit round up</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>finish unit 1 round up</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today in the lesson we were doing our fuze boxes again.We ran into some problems at the start but we overall did quite well.Firstly we had to show our blogs to our teacher.I hadn't really seen other people’s blogs and I wanted to see them because it could help me improve my own.Thankfully there blogs were not so different or mine and i didn’t need to change anything.The teacher was checking our blogs for last week.That is blog 4 for me.I wasn’t In the lesson for most of it and we didn’t write that much about the lesson but more on how we caught up and made up for the time missed on the fuze boxes.My blog was fine but others were in need of improving.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Then when we were using our fuze boxes we yet again ran into a dilemma.Every time we tried to plug the fuze box in it kept saying that the hdmi input cable was disconnected.This wasn’t the case and we kept trying and trying but nothing seemed to be working.Eventually we tried four different computers.We then changed fuze boxes and it still wasn’t working.About five to ten minutes had passed and we had one thing left to do.Work with others.In the lesson our third member was quickly partnered up with somebody else because their partner was not available.Then I noticed something.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The memory stick was plugged in all this time and we didn’t notice so when we took it out it worked.Then it was full steam ahead and we managed to get quite a lot of work done.However as I said in my last blog I wasn’t here for the first half and I hadn’t saved anything on my memory stick and whenever Luke put his in it failed.So we started the piece of code again and managed to get further.In a nutshell we finished project stage 1 and we are moving on to electric components which I am excited about.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


