---
title: Blog 3
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1SFtwNTBXseMzSZ_NpbGJBgoSr8jltBrR75HNpt8eDIw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>5/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Halfway through unit 2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Finish unit 2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We were using fuze box once again.Unfortunately my partner luke wasn't here so i had to partner up with connor.Today we were starting a program that asks you questions about your life.For example,you could program the bot to say how old are you or basic questions like that.They also had responses to your questions. We were programming and running our code at the same time.If we didn't run the code then how could you tell if what you are typing actually works.You have to be running your program at the end of every edit or when the booklet tells you to.We encountered a problem thanks to the run.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>While running our code there was a sign saying error at line 19.At first we thought that we typed something wrong but we looked closer and we couldn't find anything wrong.We had to write the line again and it still didn't work.We figured that something must be wrong and we looked at every single line again to make sure that we were not  making any mistakes.Even a extra space can make the difference between the program working or not.However the code was still not working.I was certain that we did something wrong but then we asked some others whose programs worked and they couldn't find anything wrong.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As a result of this situation i still got past unit 2 but only unit 2.This means that we are going to have to quickly go through and catch up to the rest of the class.When reading through unit 2 it didn't seem that difficult and i know that we can do it.Today was bittersweet as we did not get further than i had hoped as in the lesson i realised that there was only a few parts left of unit 2 and we could still do it all in the lesson.Next lesson we need to play catch up.



</td>
  </tr>
</table>


