---
title: Blog 11
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-11/
source-id: 1MhrIGLnC5IMEQ5DpxUAKwvz3uS4rTAFfSfzN_7W69e4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 11</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing with python </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we continued with our fuze progress and learnt how to create programs that generate different outcomes.At first it was very difficult and there were many pieces of code and I was unsure of where I had to input my code.Time to time I would enter different things to see if they worked.They didn't work and I couldn’t ask a friend as it would defeat the point of the whole exercise.However most of the time I would eventually get the right answer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I Believe the thing that limited my learning the most was the fact that i did not read the instructions fully half the time.To the side of where we inputted our code there was a brief but detailed explanation on what we were doing.I usually looked at the description at the start of the exercise and thought that that was it and there was nothing else to read.However I realised that there was so much more to it.I read it and then coded and got the answer right the first time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In the future I will always read the text and all the details.Next week is a bank holiday but that doesn’t stop me as it doesn’t stop me as the software is available in my computer at home so it is not like fuze where I had to do it in class.I am very disappointed that I didn’t figure out the help box sooner but now it just means that I can now go quicker in class and get levels done quicker.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


