---
title: Blog 2
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-2/
source-id: 1qf83vMqzh_JgUhX8_zu77CVw28xJX3QOx53Sg4mfAtw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>22/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Finished section 1.1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Finish 1.2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes.I got further than I expected</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we were using fuze again.From last time we learnt how to code a page into saying what we wanted it to say.That was much easier than I anticipated.This lesson we were programming a robot.The robot was meant to ask you a question and you could awnswer.It was like a degraded version of Siri or amazon Alexa.As normal we took turn in reading and coding but we faced a problem which I will come to later.The most important thing about coding is that you have to get every single detail correct otherwise it won't work.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The problem that we faced was that my partners usb stick didn’t save properly.This could of been avoided if we had checked at the end of last lesson.we spent at least 5 mins trying to find the document and we found it in the desktop.Luckily the file saved on mine and I loaded it up.Secondly we often had to go back and change my code due to the littlest of thinks such as we forgot to put a capital letters.This was frustrating but we only had ourselves to blame. Both me and Luke didn’t take into account that if we miss one single piece of punctuation of miss a capital letter it would affect the whole project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next week I will that both of the reasons we didn’t progress further and make sure I have covered so that we can progress even further.Also i am going to check whether or not the file is still saved in my device.Next week I plan to finish 2.2 because even though we found all these mistakes we still managed to get past section 2.I will also make sure that I make sure that what I read is true so that means looking at everything so that I don’t miss capital letters or full stops.If I can consistently follow this I can go very far in this project and finish quickly.Saying correct code is vital as it can be the difference between a good project and a bad one.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


