---
title: Blog 4
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-4/
source-id: 1mHmq2R1e1Cqjp0A187CRcmT-vyRsxjupqBQcNtlws84
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Fuze</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Make progress</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we were doing fuze again.This lesson we showed our blogs to our teacher.When my blog came up on the screen he was mostly happy but wanted me to change the color of my text because it was quite hard to read.I understood what he was saying and then stayed behind and made my writing white.But onto fuze.Today we were developing our question simulator which we worked on last week.We were asking it alot more questions and we were making answers.This was fun because we coded certain parts to do different things.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Unfortunately i was not here for half of the lesson due to a music lesson.However i did manage to catch up and my partner luke worked with a new addition to our group rowan.I quickly caught up and then took turns saying what code to put in.But other than that for me it was a pretty successful lesson as we got what we needed to do.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>From my point of perspective it was a good lesson as i came late and still managed to catch up.The slight irregularity in our code last week when there was something wrong with line 19 was solved.But i don't know how and i am  really curious as i couldn't figure it out.Next week i guess my aim is to just progress further and see how far we get.Hopefully we finish this question simulator and move on to something new</td>
  </tr>
</table>


