---
title: Blog 8
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-8/
source-id: 1ApQP8CpWHi9ft-RxKrS-yhwke36S7wrtql74XkpWd4E
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Flashing lights </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>NA</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today our teacher was here however he did not check our blogs and wanted us to get straight on to the work.This could be because of the fact that we have only two lessons left before the end of term and he wants us to do as much as we can so that we can potentially move on to robotic arms next term.Either way we needed to move forward and continue with the fuze project.Today was when we found out about what we are doing next.I was very excited.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today it was only me and rowan  that were working together as luke had to go and work with somebody else.However this was fine.When we were looking through the booklet we found out that we in actual fact had not finished the flashing lights segment and there was still more to come in this mini project.However this did not solely rely on the coding but it relied on the work that we had on the fuze box using the electronic components kit.It took us a while but we managed to do it and get the flashing lights working.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Overall i was quite happy with the amount of work that we did however there was a period of the lesson in which we  were getting used to the electronic components kit and we took a bit of time finishing what we needed.Other than that we were okay.Her is a video of our flashing lights.Next week is our final week so i want to do well.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


