---
title: Blog 17
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-17/
source-id: 1g4zFBVLUFoxvgYKm3fg67sdrrV52IuHfQNfLhj3eiqc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 17</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Unfortunately i was not in for the lesson on thursday as i was ill and was unable to go to school.That meant that there was only 1 week left until the end of the project.Today we were learning about loops and working through it at a steady pace.At home i got through 73 percentage of the course at home as part of my homework.Loops allow you to quickly iterate over information in Python. In this lesson, we'll cover two types of loop: 'while' and 'for'.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of my biggest flaws is that i am not focused enough and get distracted by what other peoples projects are about when i should be focusing on my own work and getting to that stage.This meant that I was slower on some tasks which meant that I couldn't get as far as I was capable of, although I got through a good amount, it would have been better to get through more. This is the habit that I need to work on as I think it will help me a lot.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Overall i need to get better at the things that i have listed above as then i will make a strong ending to this python project.I hope to get through the loops and the next section and finish section 8 as a whole.I will try and only focus on my work and then have a strong finish to year 8 IT.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


