---
title: Blog 12
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-12/
source-id: 1nd5QjrfKi1tQ-8gg9ldPnYm4bGsAWgXedYuruBOHOq4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 12</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Functions</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Go throught functions</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we were learning about code academy for another week.As always I was aiming to get quite a bit done as It was the last lesson before half term.This was a difficult lesson  as we were faced with tough questions.However what worked for me was that reading the question and the example was key as you can essentially do the exercise if you read the question.I got most of the exercise finished but i always try to over complicate things and that is something i need to get out of the habit of.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we were learning about functional coding which is when you input code and then it can repeat for as long as you want.At first it was something that i didn't really get but after a while i got the hang of it and started to understand the other inputs.Something that i like about codeacademy is how you can use this code in real life situations.Many websites probably use this code and it is useful to know as i am planning to take computer science for my gcse.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i think that i will continue doing what i am doing.Next week it is half term and i might want to get a head start and try power through a couple of exercises to make it a bit easier when we restart next term.Overall i am very excited for the future of code academy</td>
  </tr>
</table>


