---
title: Year 9- Blog 1
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /year-9--blog-1/
source-id: 1vup2LiDv5u7eNjfSwYQSDVD_0NHFNcmb5-Gw6SfS-Cg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>The start of spreadsheets.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>28/11/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The introduction  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we started our first lesson of IT in year 9.Our teacher was Mr Tansley.We went in and he started talking to us about His expectations for his class. He explained to us that this was a very difficult topic to master and so you had to pay attention. If you didn't he would know as you wouldn’t know what to do. He then introduced s to our new topic which was spreadsheets.Not only that but we're also going to look at different pieces of code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Spreadsheets </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>After the introduction, he put some letters on the board. It was 2 words and I was not sure as to what it was. After a while someone got it. It was the phrase hello world with the words shifted to the right in correspondence to the alphabet. This was what we were learning about.The cypher code. This code is commonly used in battle and when protecting messages eg Spotify. We then used it in spreadsheets.First, we had to make all of our columns smaller and then we had to input all of the alphabets. We did this twice missing out the first letter.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Doing some coding.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>After that, we looked at different commands in spreadsheets.One of these being v lookup.This essentially looked up any box that you told it to. This then linked back to the alphabet.After Mr Tansley showed us how to make our message read hello wold it finally worked for me.I was happy but I realised that I had to make notes through the lesson in the future.This is because I often would forget a step and then spend time trying to remember or I would have to ask a friend or a teacher which is something I want to avoid this year.I want to be more independent in the way that I code.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


