---
title: Blog 9
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-9/
source-id: 1-H3M55IUrxMbsSXo5JKePU7Da54SQXSeNknuWPZMW7c
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 9</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Flashing lights</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Finish flashing lights</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today was our final lesson doing fuze.I Believe that next term we are going to be doing python coding and that will be new for me.As it was our final week i wanted to do really well and succeed in completing most of the fuze projects.However today i found out that we had moved on from flashing lights and we were onto something called analogue coding which was something i didn't understand.But as always i was ready to learn something new.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Unfortunately our teacher was absent for the lesson and so we had a cover teacher.This meant that if something went wrong we didn't have anybody to ask for help.So we had to be very independent and pay close attention to everything that we wrote.Luckily we didn't have the electronic component kit to worry about and it was just strictly code.The code was easy and me and my partner rowan got on with it pretty well.The lesson went by and we were fine as it was just copying and pasting some code.We finished the analog coding pretty swiftly.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Our teacher came back in the end to remind us that we needed to have our blogs completed otherwise we would be in trouble.He said that this could potentially be or last lesson and we needed to not only maintain our blogs but to improve them in any way possible.This means we have to update our blog page so it looks very nice and readable.If this is our last lesson on fuze then i am happy to say that i have enjoyed it and i didnt know that coding could be so fun.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


