---
title: Blog 6
layout: post
author: rohit.srisakthivel
permalink: /blog-6/
source-id: 1mqSVBZxOdKLhddoJs4P-OrZRV4lSHs2TzU7B3NFzs3Q
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>More fuze box</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>/01/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Unit  1 round up</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Reach electric components</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today we were once again learning about fuze boxes and coding with them as well.We started the day with our teacher checking our blogs.My blog was fine and we finished checking them quite quickly.After that we then got into our groups for fuze box.After last weeks shocker we were not going to take any chances and we made sure that our fuze box was correctly placed in.Over the few weeks time has been short and we needed to treat it like gold.We need to progress.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The lesson started with a change in partners.My partner for the last five to six weeks luke was now paired up with somebody else as they were split up because they couldn't be trusted together and they didn't make enough progress.We discussed the fact that we both were at different stages in the fuze project and we made an compromise.So we continued with our work and eventually we we got to a point where we had made substantial programme.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i will Plan everything beforehand.We are now close to the electric components section and we needed only a few more pieces of small code that we needed to finish before we could move on to something a bit more practical.Other than the partner change the lesson went quite well and i was happy with how well me and rowan worked together.We got the work done and we had fun doing it.Next lesson i want more of the same.If we do the exact same as we did today we will have no problem moving on to the electric components.A lot of my classmates say that it is quite hard and i want to be the one to ease through and help others.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


